Master, why don't you explain it to people?
Explain what?
We're not that kind of relationship.
I feel like there's nothing to explain.
It's cold outside.
The late CEO, I think we should keep our distance.
I just saved you, and this is how you repay me.
I know you've helped me many times.
But I don t want to ruin the relationship between you and Yeon-yeon.
I will definitely find a way to repay your kindness to me.
Okay.
So how do you want to return the favor?
What can I get in return?
I can only work hard to repay you not enough.
So after every month in addition to living expenses, you don't have to pay me any other salary.
I'm really interested in your three melons and two scrubs.
So what do you want?
You say as long as I have
So what do I want?
What would you give?
Why are you here?
Yeon-yeon, why are you here?
I heard you were injured, so I came right away.
Lin Lin, why are you here?
Snow, how are you?
Does the other head hurt?
It's okay, the doctor said it won't scar after a few days.
Why so tight?